APIF-1270 (#2013)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/api-testing/project-access.md

1. Optionally, select one or more **Tags**, or click **Add custom tag** to add a new tag.
1. Optionally, enter a **Description** of the project.
1. Optionally, enter **Notes** about the project.
1. Select the **Access** level for the project. If you are a team member you can select your team or organization-wide access. If you are an organization admin, you can select any team or organization-wide access.
1. Click **Save**.

### Manage Access to Projects

> Suppose an organization admin deletes a team from Sauce Labs [Accounts > Team Management](/basics/acct-team-mgmt/managing-user-info/) before managing project access in API Testing. In that case, you see a banner at the top of the Projects page that notifies you some projects belong to a deleted team. Clicking on the **Update** brings you to the Settings, where you can assign a new access level to that project.

Reviewer: Is it true that the access level defaults to Organization? The change that was made  is that it can now be updated. 
If so, maybe this would work?
```suggestion
If an organization admin deletes a team from Sauce Labs [Accounts > Team Management](/basics/acct-team-mgmt/managing-user-info/) before managing project access in API Testing, the access level defaults to Organization, because the access setting is required. However, a new access level can be assigned to the project. 

To update the project access:
1. Click **Update** in the banner message or navigate to the project settings General page.
2. In Project Details,  select the **Access** level for the project. If you are a team member you can select your team or organization-wide access. If you are an organization admin, you can select any team or organization-wide access. 
```

Author: @aliciakrebs No, there's no default value. Since the level can be changed, the project has no access level set at all, and the user needs to change the level to Organization or "Team".
